feat(doc): doc updates (#3164)
scaleway/docs-content: dedibox/vps/how-to/delete-vps.mdx

---
meta:
  title: How to delete a Dedibox VPS
  description: This page explains how to delete a Dedibox VPS
content:
  h1: How to delete a Dedibox VPS
  paragraph: This page explains how to delete a Dedibox VPS
tags: vps dedibox delete terminate 
dates:
  validation: 2024-05-15
  posted: 2024-05-15
categories:
  - dedibox-vps
---

You can delete your VPS by requesting termination from the Dedibox console. To do so, follow these steps.

<Macro id="requirements" />

- A Dedibox account logged into the [console](https://console.online.net)
- [Created a Dedibox VPS](/dedibox/vps/how-to/create-vps/)

> 1. Navigate to the [Dedibox console](https://console.online.net/) home page and locate **Dedibox VPS** in the top navigation menu. Click it to access your list of virtual machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to your [Dedibox console](https://console.online.net/) account and locate **Dedibox VPS** in the top navigation menu. Click it to access the list of your Dedibox VPS.
```

> 2. Select the Dedibox VPS you want to manage and click **Manage**. This action will direct you to the VPS information dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the Dedibox VPS you want to delete and click **Manage**. This action will direct you to the VPS information dashboard.
```
